this is 1986 Suzuki rg500 Walter wolf
edition the bike was purchased from the
Solvay motorcycle museum in 2010 and is
in excellent condition
I put an aftermarket belly pan on it but
the factory one is in great shape and in
storage some minor minor cracks but very
little very little cracks on the bike
through out front headlight tires have
about 400 miles on them some minor crack
right there otherwise the bike is in
great shape for its age a new chain new
rear tire and remove up see if we can
get it started all lights
instrumentation work
they starts pretty quick
as a lance cama
Phil design
bike runs great any questions called
Tony at nine four nine three five one
six seven five two that's nine four nine
three five one six seven five two